Update "Team member" wording in docs to reference users instead. (#17116)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Using Fleet/segment-hosts.md

ℹ️  In Fleet 4.0, Teams were introduced.
```

- [Overview](#overview)

> - [Naming conventions](#naming-conventions)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Best practice](#best-practice)
```

- [Transfer hosts to a team](#transfer-hosts-to-a-team)

## Overview

In Fleet, you can group hosts together in a team.

> With hosts segmented into exclusive teams, you can apply specific queries, policies, and agent options to each team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, you can give users access to only some teams.

This means you manage permissions so that some user can only run queries and manage hosts on the teams these users have access to.
```

Suggested edit to communicate the RBAC value of teams.

What do you think?

Then you can:

- Enroll hosts to one team using team specific enroll secrets

- Apply unique agent options to each team

- Schedule queries that target one or more team

- Run live queries against one or more team

> - Grant users access to one or more team

Reviewer: I think this list might be repetitive. We already summarize what you can do w/ teams in this sentence: https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/pull/17116/files#diff-4c458bc8bb8c8712cc4a491c9ac6f2a1a8c784fd1480cf67dfea806b50fe3178R17

Author: Agreed

You can manage teams in the Fleet UI by selecting **Settings** > **Teams** in the top navigation. From there, you can add or remove teams, manage user access to teams, transfer hosts, or modify team settings.

> ## Naming conventions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Best practice
```

I think we can be more opinionated here and call this the "Best practice"

> One recommended approach is to create a team for each type of system in your organization. For example, you may have teams named: `Workstations`, `Workstations - sandbox`, `Servers`, and `Servers - sandbox`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The best practice is to create these teams: `Workstations`, `Workstations (canary)`, `Servers`, and `Servers (canary)`.
```

I think we can make this language opinionated and call it the best practice.

I also updated the team names so they're up to date w/ current best practice.

What do you think?

> (A popular pattern is to end a team’s name with "- sandbox" to test new queries and configuration with staging hosts or volunteers acting as canaries.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Can probably remove this line because we're shifting to the "best practice"

- Run live queries against one or more teams

> - Grant users access to one or more teams

Author: ```suggestion
- Grant users access to one or more team
```
